#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.34.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi[standard]==0.112.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.5
    # via fastapi
filelock==3.15.4
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via huggingface-hub
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.24.6
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.2.14
    # via langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.0.64
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.106
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
openai==1.42.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.7.24
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
rich==13.8.0
    # via typer
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.38.2
    # via fastapi
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via anthropic
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer==0.12.5
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==13.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
